
## What is Selling on Amazon? // what_is_[Selling on Amazon]

Selling on Amazon is a program that enables both individuals and businesses to
sell their products and inventory on Amazon.com.

## Why should I sell on Amazon? // why_{sell}_on_[Amazon]

There are many reasons to sell on Amazon—from the hundreds of millions of
Amazon customers who can see your products to the ability to start selling
fast without the need to create a new standalone website. Learn more about the
benefits of Selling on Amazon.

## Can I list my products in all Amazon categories? // list_products_in_[Amazon]_{categories}

Prior approval may be required to list certain products in certain categories.
See the Categories page for more information.

## What type of products cannot be listed on Amazon.com? // {type}_of_products_{not}_on_[Amazon.com]

Some products may not be listed as a matter of compliance with legal or
regulatory restrictions (for example, prescription drugs) or Amazon policy
(for example, crime scene photos). For detailed information, please see our
Restricted Products Help section.

## Do you offer fraud protection? // {offer}_fraud_protection

Yes. Amazon's payment fraud protection helps you eliminate fraudulent orders
for your products.

## What is the A-to-z Guarantee program? // what_is_[A-to-z Guarantee program]

Amazon has built a base of millions of satisfied customers by being responsive
to their concerns and acting quickly to resolve problems. We extend this
valuable customer trust to sellers through the A-to-z Guarantee program.  
  
The A-to-z Guarantee Program is for situations where a customer never received
a product or received a product that is materially different from what was
ordered or expected. We ask customers to first contact the seller when they
have a problem. If the seller fails to resolve the problem, the customer can
file an A-to-z claim. When Amazon receives the claim, we send the seller an
automated email detailing the claim and requesting basic information from the
seller about the order and the fulfillment process. Amazon will then determine
how the claim will be settled, which may include reimbursement of the order to
the customer, at the seller's expense.

## How do I open a new Amazon seller account? // how_{open,create}_[Amazon seller account]

You can register today for the selling account of your choice, without the
need to contact a sales person by clicking on the Sell as a Professional or
Sell as Individual buttons on this page.  
  
Before you begin the self-service registration process, be sure to have the
following information available.  
  
• Your business name, address, and contact information  
• An internationally-chargeable credit card with valid billing address  
• A phone number where you can be reached during this registration process  
• Your tax identity information

## Can I cancel my Professional selling account? // {cancel}_[Professional_selling account]

Professional Sellers can switch to an Individual selling plan at any time by
changing account settings. Your account remains open and you can continue to
offer items on Amazon as an Individual Seller. You will not have access to
Professional account benefits, such as bulk upload and order reports, seller
customized shipping rates, and special listing features.

## How can I close my Amazon seller account? // {close}_[Amazon_seller_account]

If you want to close your account permanently, Seller Support can assist you.
Keep in mind that you can use our Listings Status feature to suspend your
listings, or you can remove your listings entirely but hold on to your account
for future use.  
  
Before you close your account permanently, please cancel and remove your
listings and resolve all transactions. Find out more about how to close your
account ›

## Where else can I learn about how selling on Amazon works? // where_{learn}_about_[selling on Amazon]

We have videos, webinars, web pages, and more to help you find what you need.  
  
Getting Started page › Training and tutorials › Webinars › Blog ›

## Do Amazon sellers make money? // do_[Amazon sellers]_{earn}

Millions of small and medium-sized businesses from around the world are
selling on Amazon. More than half of the items sold in Amazon stores worldwide
come from these businesses. On average, U.S.-based small and medium-sized
businesses made more than $90,000 selling in Amazon’s stores in 2018.

## How can I sell on the US, Canadian, and Mexican marketplaces? // how_{sell}_on_[US, Canadian, Mexican]_{marketplaces}

When you sign up as a Professional Seller, you will have access to sell on our
US, Canadian, and Mexican marketplaces through a North America Unified
Account. This will enable you more easily to share product listing information
and manage your inventory consistently across all three marketplaces. For all
per-item transaction fees, sellers will pay the fees applicable to the
marketplace in which the item was sold. If you're a Professional Seller, you
will only be charged one monthly subscription fee for selling in North
America.  
  
If you already sell on Amazon in the US, Canada, or Mexico, you can use your
existing bank account to receive disbursements in your local currency with the
Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers (ACCS). If you are a new seller
registering to sell in the US, Canada, or Mexico, you can be paid directly in
your local bank account in the local currency, provided you have a bank
account in a country supported by Amazon.  
  
Find out more about selling on Amazon.com with a North America Unified Account
(Seller Central login required)

## How much does it cost to sell on Amazon.com? // how_much_{cost}_to_{sell}_on_[Amazon.com]

Amazon offers two selling plans. The Professional selling plan is available
for a $39.99 monthly subscription fee plus per-item selling fees, which vary
by category.  
  
If you plan to sell fewer than 40 items a month, the Individual plan may be
best for you. There is no monthly subscription fee. Instead, Individuals pay
$0.99 per item sold plus other selling fees, which vary by category.  
  
Learn more about Selling on Amazon pricing ›  
Additional fees apply when you use Fulfillment by Amazon to pick, pack, ship,
and provide customer service for your products. Learn more about FBA pricing ›

## How much does it cost to start Amazon FBA? // how_much_{cost}_[Amazon FBA, FBA, Fulfillment By Amazon]

Fulfillment by Amazon costs vary widely depending on several factors,
including the size and weight of the product you’re selling. To estimate the
cost of using FBA for your products visit the FBA pricing page.

## When do I start getting charged the monthly subscription fee? // when_charged_monthly_subscription_fee

The monthly subscription fee applies to Professional selling accounts only,
and begins as soon as you complete the registration process. Your first
monthly subscription fee will be charged at that time unless otherwise stated
in any promotional offers.

## How do I manage my selling account? // how_{manage}_[selling]_{account}

Use the Seller Central website to manage all aspects of selling on Amazon.
Seller Central is the website where you manage your selling account, add
product information, make inventory updates, manage orders, and manage
payments.

## How do I add inventory? // how_{add}_{inventory}

You have four options for submitting product-related data:  
  
• Use the Sell on Amazon button on Amazon product pages.  
• Use the Add a Product feature on Seller Central to create one product at a
time.  
• Use Excel-based inventory files to create multiple products simultaneously.  
• Use Amazon Marketplace Web Service to perform bulk uploads and receive bulk
reports.

## How will I know when I have a sale? // how_know_when_sale

Amazon notifies you by email or text message when you receive an order. You
can choose either notification method in your account settings.

## How much does it cost to ship items I sell? // {cost}_ship_items

When you fulfill orders yourself, Amazon shipping rates apply to media
products (books, music, video, DVD, software, and video games) sold by
Professional Sellers, and to all products sold by Individual Sellers. We
charge these shipping rates based on the product category and shipping service
selected by the buyer, and then pass the amount on to you.  
  
For products that Amazon fulfills for you, in addition to the Selling on
Amazon fees, you will be charged fees for order fulfillment, storage, and
optional services.

## How does Fulfillment by Amazon work? // how_{works}_[Fulfillment by Amazon, FBA]

With Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) you store your products in Amazon's
fulfillment centers, and we pick, pack, ship, and provide customer service for
these products. Learn more about FBA ›

## What is the Buy Box? // what_is_[Buy Box]

The Buy Box is the box on a product detail page where customers begin the
purchase process by adding items to their shopping carts. A key feature of the
Amazon platform is that the same product can have multiple sellers. If more
than one seller offers the same product in "New" condition, they may compete
for the Buy Box for that product.  
  
To compete for Buy Box placement, sellers must demonstrate that they are
consistently creating a great buying experience for customers. We use
performance-based criteria to determine your Buy Box eligibility and placement
status. Buy Box eligible listings that do not win the Buy Box are eligible for
placement in the More Buying Choices box. Amazon does not guarantee placement
in either of these locations.

## Can I offer gift-wrap and gift messaging services to my customers on Amazon.com? // offer_[gift-wrap, gift-messaging]_to_customers

Yes. Our Gift Messaging service allows customers to write gift messages for
individual items or for entire orders, and our Gift Wrap service allows
customers to select and pay for gift-wrapping for each item in their order.